Minor character and title history fixes (#407)
loup99/WtWSMS: ChangeLog.txt

- Fixed genealogy of Lakhmids (Al-Numan I not being son of Imru al-Qays II because they were born in same date)
- Fixed genealogy of Quraishites (I know little about them, so its may be not perfect). Before this genealogy had many duplicate characters from vanilla, which i removed
- Removed claims of Quintus Aurelius Memmius Symmachus on Papacy
- Connected Boethius with children and added unused dynasty name for him and his father
- Added dynasty names for Claudius Iulius Eclesius Dynamius and Rufius Achilius Sividius, which were used by deleted duplicates
- Added new dynasty names for Gregorius Attalus, Paeionius and Mummolus
- Added dynasty name Eutolmius for Tatianus and Iulius. Its dynasty of their mother and grandfather
- Connected Iulius Agrius Tarrutenius Marcianus and Tarrutenius Maximilianus based on PLRE
- Fixed age of Odyssius, Moesia Superior holder
- Fixed father of Gaius Basilius - he was born many years after father's death
- Fixed wrong dynasties of some characters - few East Slavic and one Alanic in Spain
- Fixed age of Chlodio: he was born 17 years after his father's death

> =======

Reviewer: Remnant of a conflict.

- Added one historical governor of Mauretaniania Caesariensis
- Added one historical governor of Lusitania
- Added three historical governors of Tripolitania

> - Added five historical duces of Thebais

Reviewer 2: This line should be removed.

- Added five historical duces et augustales of Alexandria

> - Added one historical Chalcedonian Patriarch of Alexandria

Reviewer 2: These two lines as well.

Reviewer 3: These lines were added for resolving conflicts with ChangeLog.

Reviewer 2: They are no longer relevant, between the time @IhateTrains modified those lines (see below in the file).

Reviewer: Yes, I've added many more since then.

- Fixed Valerius Faltonius Adelfius's wife name
- Fixed Empress Aelia Eudocia having a wrong spouse added (Flavius Bauto)
- Fixed age of Flavia Domitilla: she was born 9 years after her mother's death
- Fixed age of Lucius Septimius Severus: he was born 15 years after his father's death
- Fixed age of Aurelius Celsinus: he was born when his father was 5 years old
- Fixed age of Flavius Probinus based on Geni
- Fixed mother of Vibia Matidia Sabina based on Geni
- Fixed Bonifacius being father of Sebastianus (his son-in-law)
- Fixed Sidamic and Abasgian genealogies. Characters were born many years after their parents death
- Fixed genealogy of Lakhmids (Al-Numan I not being son of Imru al-Qays II because they were born in same date)

> - Fixed genealogy of Quraishites (I know little about them, so its may be not perfect). Before this genealogy had many duplicate characters from vanilla, which i removed

Reviewer 2: Do you need a family tree so we can double-check?

Reviewer 3: Yes, i think you should double-check this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed genealogy of Quraishites (I know little about them, so it may be imperfect). Before this genealogy had many duplicate characters from vanilla, which I removed
```

Reviewer 2: @IhateTrains That entry is not going to be kept like that anyway, the changelog is not in first person and we are bot going to say that one person knows little or not.

Reviewer: I've edited the suggestion.

Reviewer 2: I would further add, "it may still be imperfect because later parts are outside the time frame covered by history"

Reviewer: I'm not sure if @Symmachus means that, though.

- Removed claims of Quintus Aurelius Memmius Symmachus on Papacy
- Connected Boethius with children and added unused dynasty name for him and his father
- Added dynasty names for Claudius Iulius Eclesius Dynamius and Rufius Achilius Sividius, which were used by deleted duplicates
- Added new dynasty names for Gregorius Attalus, Paeionius and Mummolus

> - Added dynasty name Eutolmius for Tatianus and Iulius. Its dynasty of their mother and grandfather

Reviewer 2: This one is no longer valid.

- Fixed the history of Kucha between 560 and 595
- Fixed the Venedi tribe being of the Venedi culture rather Vistula-Veneti as their provinces
- Removed remaining characters of the now unused Latin culture by turning them into Romans
- Fixed Triarius not being holder of Thracian Goths
- Fixed the history of b_anicius and b_terracina
- Fixed the history of Avars, Obodrites, Kashgar and Himyar
- Fixed some names in Iazyge namelist
- Fixed Amalfi being republican-type holding

> - Fixed Mazandaran does not have any holders after 531

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Mazandaran not having any holders after 531
```

- Fixed history of Pisa and some Lombard duchies

> - Fixed Elemunding dynasty used newly added Augustulus CoA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Elemunding dynasty using newly added Augustulus CoA
```
